#### Version 1.5

CeNDR `1.5.0` has now been released. Version `1.5.0` is a substantial update.

__Release Notes__

* The primary data model has moved from isotypes to strains.
* The backend of the site has been substantially restructured to improve maintainability.
* A table of strains with issues has been added to the data releases page.
* The variant data table has been removed from isotype pages.
* New strain collection images have been added.
* The API has been removed. It did not see a lot of usage and become cumbersome to maintain.
* A new [collaborators](/about/collaborators) page has been added.
* Software and Methods have been moved to be per-release, as the pipeline is ever-evolving.
* Data links have been removed from isotype pages; They are still available on the release pages.
* Reports for Alignment, Concordance, And Variant calling are now produced for all releases.
* Publications have been updated.
* The public mappings page was removed as our mapping infrastructure is changing.
* A new tool for calculating [heritability](/tools/heritability) has been released.
* A tool for generating primers for genotyping indels will be released soon.

__Genome Browser__

* IGVjs has been upgraded and has a number of new tools.
* A track for repeat_masker, and Dust data has been added.
* A track for transposons from [_Laricchia et al._ 2017](https://andersenlab.org/publications/2017Laricchia.pdf) been added.
* Tracks for divergent regions from [_Lee et al._ 2020](https://andersenlab.org/publications/2020LeebioRxiv.pdf) have been added.
